[Anna] Hello! My name is Anna. I am 26 years old.
[Anna] I am from Russia. I live in a flat with my family.
[Anna] I study English at a university. Nice to meet you.
[Mark] Hello Anna. Nice to meet you. My name is Mark. I am 29 years old. I am from Spain.
[Mark] I live in a house. I work as a teacher. I like my job.
[Lisa] Hi. Nice to meet you. My name is Lisa. I am 23 years old. I am from Germany.
[Lisa] I live in a small flat. I am a student. I study medicine.
[Anna] Mark, do you have a family?
[Mark] Yes I do. I have a mother, a father, and one sister.
[Mark] My sister is a student. And you, Anna?
[Anna] I have a mother, a father, and one brother.
[Anna] My brother is a school boy.
[Lisa] Anna, what do you do every day?
[Anna] I get up at 8 o'clock. I have breakfast and drink tea. Then, I go to university.
[Anna] In the evening I read books or watch TV. And you, Lisa?
[Lisa] I get up at 7 o'clock. I go to university. I study and read a lot.
[Mark] Lisa, where do you live?
[Lisa] I live in a small flat. It has one room, a kitchen, and a bathroom.
[Lisa] And you, Mark?
[Mark] I live in a big house. There are four rooms and a garden.
[Anna] What do you like to do in your free time?
[Mark] I like sports. I play football. I also like books.
[Lisa] I like music and films.
[Anna] I like walking and reading.
[Lisa] What food do you like?
[Anna] I like soup, rice and chicken. I drink tea.
[Mark] I like meat, pasta, and salad. I drink coffee.
[Lisa] I like vegetables, fruit, and bread. I drink water and juice.
[Mark] Do you like your study, Anna?
[Anna] Yes, I do. I like English. It is interesting.
[Lisa] I like my study, too.
[Anna] Thank you for the talk.
[Mark] Thank you.
[Lisa] Thank you. Nice to meet you.